feat: shared vpc support (#137)
bschaatsbergen/terraform-gce-atlantis: examples/shared-vpc/README.md

Read through the below before you deploy this module.

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [How to deploy](#how-to-deploy)
- [After it's successfully deployed](#after-its-successfully-deployed)

## Prerequisites

This module expects that you already own or create the below resources yourself.

- Service account, [specifics can be found here](../../README.md#service-account)
- Domain, [specifics can be found here](../../README.md#dns-record)
- A host project with a Google network, subnetwork, a Cloud NAT, and the following firewall rules configured in the host network:
  - Allow load balancer healthchecks: (<https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/health-checks#fw-rule>)
    - source ip ranges: [130.211.0.0/22, 35.191.0.0/16]
    - target tags [allow-lb-health-checks]
    - tcp
  - Allow IAP access, if applicable (<https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/using-tcp-forwarding#create-firewall-rule>)
    - source ip ranges: [35.235.240.0/20]
    - target tags: [allow-iap]
    - tcp, port 22

If you prefer an example that includes the above resources, see [`complete example`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/complete).

## How to deploy

> See [`main.tf`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/basic/main.tf) and the [`server-atlantis.yaml`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/basic/server-atlantis.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [`main.tf`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/shared-vpc/main.tf) and the [`server-atlantis.yaml`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/shared-vpc/server-atlantis.yaml).
```
